# [Technology](https://example.org)

An introduction to the technology should be given. 


## Stories evaluations

### As a pod owner, I want to insert a picture that is **accessible by other pod** owners designed by me, so these people can access the pictures I took for them.


### As a pod owner, I want to insert a picture that **no one else can see**, so that I can keep backups, but hide bad results.


### As a pod owner, I want to **transfer** pictures I have to someone else, so they now own that picture. Note that I do not have write permissions in the other solid pod!


### As a pod owner, I want to insert a picture with `ex:contains ex:child1` that is **accessible by my children** (`ex:child1` and `ex:child2`), so we can all look back at old times.


### As a pod owner, I want to insert a picture that is **accessible by anyone that can prove** to be working at a certain company, so that they have something to talk about at the coffee machine.


### As a medical professional, I want to **insert a picture in someone else's pod** abiding by the access control preferences they have, so they own their medical picture and other professionals they contact can access it.


### As a pod owner, I want to have an **opinionated view** over my data, so I can easily access it and feel in control.


### As a pod owner, I want to create blog posts that **anyone can access**, so I get cloud.


### As a pod owner, I want to create **private notes**, so I can order my private thoughts before I launch them into the world.


### As a pod owner, I want to **reorganize the way I view** my data without breaking references made by other people, so I can view my data from different angles, but not disturb the cloud I made.


### As a pod owner, I want to **transfer a token** to a pod I have **full access** to; the transfer should confirm to **ACID**, so that there is always one person holding the token, and everyone can see who has it.


### As a pod owner, I want to upload **new kinds of data** (e.g. smartwatch), so I can always stay up to date with the latest technology.


### As a pod owner, I want to transfer a token to a pod I have **no access** to; the transfer should confirm to **ACID**, so that there is always one person holding the token, and everyone can see who has it.


### As a smartwatch, I want to **upload time series data** to the solid pod, so the user can view their activities


### As a pod owner, I want to have **control over how much data I keep** from my smartwatch and when to aggregate, so my pod's memory is not entirely consumed by a single aspect of my life.


### As a pod owner, I want to **insert an additional** property to an existing resource, so it becomes more self-descriptive.


### As a pod owner, I want to **modify a property** of an existing resource, so I can fix my mistakes.


### As a pod owner, I want to **delete a property** of an existing resource, so I can fix my mistakes.


### As a pod owner, I want to **remove an entire resource**, so I can clear space. Does she want some kind of protection to not accidentally delete his medical pictures?


### As a pod owner, I want to **modify a resource** in a way that alters the location of that resource in my current view, so I don't need to be cautious when modifying resources.


### As a pod owner, I want to **insert an additional** property to an existing resource in **someone else's pod**, so it becomes more self-descriptive.  


### As a pod owner, I want to **modify a property** of an existing resource in **someone else's pod**, so I can fix my mistakes.


### As a pod owner, I want to **delete a property** of an existing resource in **someone else's pod**, so I can fix my mistakes.


### As a pod owner, I want to **modify a resource** in **someone else's pod**, in a way that alters the location of that resource in a view present, so I don't need to be cautious when modifying resources.


### As a pod owner, I want to **remove** a resource in **someone else's pod**, so I don't see it anymore.


### As a pod owner, I want to **remove** a resource in **someone else's pod**, so no one can see it. I might want to send a suggestion.


## Conclusion
We now evaluate what functional requirements are met using:
* :white_check_mark: when the requirement is met
* :x: when the requirement is not met
* :black_square_button: when the requirement is not in the scope of this spec

1. Data should remain consistent with the requirements posed by the **technology** (e.g., solid):
   :x:
2. The data should have **easy access control**: :x:
3. References should remain **consistent/cool**: :x:
4. The **owner is in control** of the data: :x:
5. Data in a data storage should be **discoverable**: :x:
6. Allow **profiles or strategies**: :x:
7. Storage ACL should consider **privacy**: :x:
8. Good old **ACID**: :x:
9. Storage should avoid **data dependence**: :x:
